Hipsters are a subculture of men and women typically in their 20's and 30's that value independent thinking, counter-culture, progressive politics, an appreciation of art and indie-rock, creativity, intelligence, and witty banter. The greatest concentrations of hipsters can be found living in the Williamsburg, Wicker Park, and Mission District neighborhoods of major cosmopolitan centers such as New York, Chicago, and San Francisco respectively. Although 'hipsterism' is really a state of mind,it is also often intertwined with distinct fashion sensibilities. Hipsters reject the culturally-ignorant attitudes of mainstream consumers, and are often be seen wearing vintage and thrift store inspired fashions, tight-fitting jeans, old-school sneakers, and sometimes thick rimmed glasses. Both hipster men and women sport similar androgynous hair styles that include combinations of messy shag cuts and asymmetric side-swept bangs. Such styles are often associated with the work of creative stylists at urban salons, and are usually too 'edgy' for the culturally-sheltered mainstream consumer. The 'effortless cool' urban bohemian look of a hipster is exemplified in Urban Outfitters and American Apparel ads which cater towards the hipster demographic. Despite misconceptions based on their aesthetic tastes, hipsters tend to be well educated and often have liberal arts degrees, or degrees in maths and sciences, which also require certain creative analytical thinking abilities. Consequently many hipsters tend to have jobs in the music, art, and fashion industries. It is a myth that most hipsters are unemployed and live off of their parent's trust funds. ;; Hipsters shun mainstream societal conventions that apply to dating preferences and traditional 'rules' of physical attraction. It is part of the hipster central dogma not to be influenced by mainsream advertising and media, which tends to only promote ethnocentric ideals of beauty. The concepts of androgyny and feminism have influenced hipster culture, where hipster men are often as thin as the women they date. The muscular and athletic all-American male ideal is not seen as attractive by confident and culturally-empowered hipster women who instead view them as symbols of male oppression, sexism, and misogyny. Likewise, culturally-vapid sorority-type girls with fake blond hair, overly tanned skin, and 'Britney Spears tube-tops' are not seen as attractive by cultured hipster males who instead see them as symbols of female insecurity, low self-esteem, and lack of cultural intelligence and independent thinking. Hipsters are also very racially open-minded, and the greatest number of interracial couples in any urban environment are typically found within the hipster subculture. ;; Although hipsters are technically conformists within their own subculture, in comparison to the much larger mainstream mass, they are pioneers and leaders of the latest cultural trends and ideals. For example, the surge of jeans made to look old and worn (i.e. 'distressed'), that have become prevalent at stores such as The Gap, American Eagle, Abercrombie and Fitch, and Hollister, were originally paraded by hipsters who shopped in thrift stores years before such clothing items were mass produced and sold to the mainstream consumer. The true irony here is that many of the detractors of hipster culture are in fact unknowingly following a path that hipsters have carved out years before them. This phenomena also applies to music as well, as many bands have become successful and known to mainstream audiences only because hipsters first found and listened to them as early-adopters of new culture. Once certain concepts of fashion and music have reached mainstream audiences, hipsters move on to something new and improved. ;; Because of the rise of various online photo-blog and social networking sites, insights into urban hipster culture is reaching sheltered suburban audiences at an exponential rate. Cultural 'norms' have been deconstructed by hipster culture as a whole. Hipsterism is often dismissed as just an image thing by some, but the culture as a whole is effecting changes in society, leading to feelings of insecurity and resentment in people who are no longer a part of the cultural ruling class. For example, a lot of anti-hipster sentiment evidently comes from culturally-clueless suburban frat boy types who feel that the more sensitive, intelligent, and culturally aware hipster ideal threatens their insecure sense of masculinity. Anti-hipster sentiment often comes from people who simply can't keep up with social change and are envious of those who can.
a woman with the morals of a man
nature's way of tricking people into reproducing
(n) A wooden roller coaster
The box a dick comes in
Genre of softcore punk music that integrates unenthusiastic melodramatic 17 year olds who dont smile, high pitched overwrought lyrics and inaudible guitar rifts with tight wool sweaters, tighter jeans, itchy scarfs (even in the summer), ripped chucks with favorite bands signature, black square rimmed glasses, and ebony greasy unwashed hair that is required to cover at least 3/5 ths of the face at an angle.
Where a man inserts his erect penis into a woman's vagina. Sometimes sex can include the sucking of the penis, oral sex, in which the woman is sucking the mans penis and the man is licking the woman's vagina, anal sex, or hand jobs.
Derogatory term for a woman. Considered by many to be the most offensive word in the English language.
1. The universally recognized 'F word' ;; 2. N. Implying complete and utter confusion ;; 3. N. a really stupid person ;; 4. V. To procreate ;; 5. adj. Can be used to modify any word for more passion ;; 6. Int. Expresses disgust ;; 7. Int. Expresses complete suprise and joy ;; 8. adv. Can be used to make a command more urgent
The tool used to wean and convert lesbians and virgins into useful, productive members of society.
When us young ladies put our mouth's on a guys cock and suck repeatedly until they reach orgasm. Giving a blowjob should not be looked upon as a chore, but as a pleasurable thing for both involved. Be sure to pay attention to the whole penis, not just the head. Swirl your tongue around the tip while pumping him with your fist or both, if you like. Lovingly message his balls and always deepthroat it. Alternate your speed when sucking a cock, showing your guy that him coming in your mouth is your top priority. And when he does start to come don't stop what you're doing, suck until he's done. And always swallow with a smile.
The most spectacular,indescribable, deep euphoric feeling for someone. ;; Love is an incredibly powerful word. When you're in love, you always want to be together, and when you're not, you're thinking about being together because you need that person and without them your life is incomplete. ;; This love is unconditional affection with no limits or conditions: completely loving someone. It's when you trust the other with your life and when you would do anything for each other. When you love someone you want nothing more than for them to be truly happy no matter what it takes because that's how much you care about them and because their needs come before your own. You hide nothing of yourself and can tell the other anything because you know they accept you just the way you are and vice versa. ;; It's when they're the last thing you think about before you go to sleep and when they're the first thing you think of when you wake up, the feeling that warms your heart and leaves you overcome by a feeling of serenity. Love involves wanting to show your affection and/or devotion to each other. It's the smile on your face you get when you're thinking about them and miss them. ;; Love can make you do anything and sacrifice for what will be better in the end. Love is intense,and passionate. Everything seems brighter, happier and more wonderful when you're in love. If you find it, don't let it go.
Somebody who goes to live in other peoples countries but refuses to integrate with or tolerate their way of life. At the same time they demand we tolerate them and make all the changes to accomodate their stoneage way of life. ;; Not all muslims are terrorists, but most terrorists are muslims. ;; Great Britain - Love it or leave it.
someone who believes the radical notion that women are people.
The best friend a penis will ever have.
An entire subculture of people (usually angsty teens) with a fake personality. The concept of Emo is actually a vicious cycle that never ends, to the utter failing of humanity, and it goes something like this: ;; 1. Girls say they like 'sensitive guys' (lie) ;; 2. Guy finds out, so he listens to faggy emo music and dresses like a dork so chicks will see that he is sensitive and not afraid to express himself (lie). He dyes his hair black, wraps himself in a stupid looking scarf, develops an eating disorder, and rants about how 'nobody understands'. ;; 3. Now an emo guy, he meets Emo chick and they start dating, talking about how their well-off suburban lifestyles are terrible and depressing (lie) ;; 4. Emo guy is just too much of a pussy. His penis is too small, he's too depressed to bathe, and has more mood swings than emo chick, and he doesn't even have a menstrual cycle. Emo chick dumps him, saying 'It's not you, it's me.' (lie) as she drives off with Wayne, the school jock and captain of the football team. ;; 5. Emo guy goes home and cries, proceeds to write a weak song and strum a single string on his acoustic guitar. Another emo chick sees how he is so in touch with his feelings, and the cycle continues. ;; This is the sad truth of the emo lifestyle/music, and now that I look at how pathetic it really is, maybe the emos DO have something to cry about!
The meaning of life.
God's gift to the world. Brings peace when used wisely.
Someone looking up the word 'penis' at this site.
This meaning varies for which side of the sex you are on. ;; Woman: To make sweet passionate love to your soul mate. Elevating each other's bodily experiences to a new level. ;; Man: What to do when your not watching sports.
(_!_) = Normal Ass ;; (__!__) = Big Ass ;; (!) = Tight Ass ;; (_?_) = Dumb Ass ;; (_E=MC2_) = Smart Ass ;; (_$_) = Rich Ass ;; (_x_) = Kiss My Ass ;; (_X_) = Get Off My Ass
A place formerly used to find out about slang, and now a place that teens with no life use as a burn book to whine about celebrities, their friends, etc., let out their sexual frustrations, show off their racist/sexist/homophobic/anti-(insert religion here) opinions, troll, and babble about things they know nothing about.
One whose IQ exceeds his weight.
the number 6 in Swedish
The best thing in the world
A very cool guy who makes everyone laugh. Once you meet him, you will want to be his friend right away. He is super cute and very good-looking. He has amazing taste...in music, clothes, food, everything. Every girl secretly wishes that he could be her boyfriend...mainly because he recently broke up with his girlfriend...mainly because everyone knows that he likes commitment...mainly because he is sweet and knows how to treat a girl...mainly because however strange and wierd he may be, he's perfect. In his own little way, he is perfect.
1. jovial or happy, good-spirited ;; 2. a homosexual male or female ;; 3. often used to describe something stupid or unfortunate. originating from homophobia. quite preferable among many teenage males in order to buff up their 'masculinity'
You guys are wrong, its when a man and a woman engage in anal sex, then the man takes his penis and rubs it on the girls upper lip leaving a moustache.
1. Nice name for a cat ;; 2. Slang for women's genitals ;; 3. Cowardly
Like a Goth, only much less dark and much more Harry Potter.
Man who was nailed to a plank for saying how nice it would be if everyone was nice to each other. Had his message misinterpreted by millions who now think it is their job to persecute certain groups of people([christians]).
1. One of the most popular swear/cuss/curse words/profanities ;; 2. another word Feces. Poop. Dookie. Scheisse. Poo Poo. Brownies. ;; The Shit List: ;; The Ghost Shit ;; The kind where you feel shit come out, see shit on the toilet paper, but there's no shit in the bowl. ;; The Clean Shit ;; The kind where you feel shit come out, see shit in the bowl, but there's no shit on the toilet paper. ;; The Wet Shit ;; You wipe your ass fifty times and it still feels unwiped. So you end up putting toilet paper between your ass and your underwear so you don't ruin them with those dreadful skid marks. ;; The Second Wave Shit ;; This shit happens when you've finished, your pants are up to your knees, and you suddenly realize you have to shit some more. ;; The Brain Hemorrahage Through Your Nose Shit ;; Also known as 'Pop a Vein in Your Forehead Shit'. You have to strain so much to get it out that you turn purple and practically have a stroke. ;; The Corn Shit ;; No explanation necessary. ;; The Lincoln Log Shit ;; The kind of shit that's so enormous you're afraid to flush it down without first breaking it up into little pieces with the toilet brush. ;; The Nororius Drinker Shit ;; The kind of shit you have the morning after a long night of drinking. It's most noticeable trait is the tread mark left on the bottom of the toilet bowl after you flush. ;; The 'Gee, I Really Wish I Could Shit' Shit ;; The kind where you want to shit, but even after straining your guts out, all you can do is sit on the toilet, cramped and farting. ;; The Wet Cheeks Shit ;; Also known as the 'Power Dump'. That's the kind that comes out of your ass so fast that your butt cheeks get splashed with the toilet water. ;; The Liquid Shit ;; That's the kind where yellowish-brown liquid shoots out of your butt, splashes all over the side of the toilet bowl and, at the same time, chronically burns your tender poop-chute. ;; The Mexican Food Shit ;; A class all on its own. ;; The Crowd Pleaser ;; This shit is so intriguing in size and/or appearance that you have to show it to someone before flushing. ;; The Mood Enhancer ;; This shit occurs after a lengthy period of constipation, thereby allowing you to be your old self again. ;; The Ritual ;; This shit occurs at the same time each day and is accomplished with the aid of a newspaper. ;; The Guinness Book Of Records Shit ;; A shit so noteworthy it should be recorded for future generations. ;; The Aftershock Shit ;; This shit has an odour so powerful than anyone entering the vicinity within the next seven hours is affected. ;; The 'Honeymoon's Over' Shit ;; This is any shit created in the presence of another person. ;; The Groaner ;; A shit so huge it cannot exit without vocal assistance. ;; The Floater ;; Characterized by its floatability, this shit has been known to resurface after many flushings. ;; The Ranger ;; A shit which refuses to let go. It is usually necessary to engage in a rocking or bouncing motion, but quite often the only solution is to push it away with a small piece of toilet paper. ;; The Phantom Shit ;; This appears in the toilet mysteriously and no one will admit to putting it there. ;; The Peek-A-Boo Shit ;; Now you see it, now you don't. This shit is playing games with you. Requires patience and muscle control. ;; The Bombshell ;; A shit that comes as a complete surprise at a time that is either inappropriate to shit (i.e. during lovemaking or a root canal) or you are nowhere near shitting facilities. ;; The Snake Charmer ;; A long skinny shit which has managed to coil itself into a frightening position - usually harmless. ;; The Olympic Shit ;; This shit occurs exactly one hour prior to the start of any competitive event in which you are entered and bears a close resemblance to the Drinker's Shit. ;; The Back-To-Nature Shit ;; This shit may be of any variety but is always deposited either in the woods or while hiding behind the passenger side of your car. ;; The Pebbles-From-Heaven Shit ;; An adorable collection of small turds in a cluster, often a gift from God when you actually can't shit. ;; Premeditated Shit ;; Laxative induced. Doesn't count. ;; Shitzopherenia ;; Fear of shitting - can be fatal! ;; Energizer Vs. Duracell Shit ;; Also known as a 'Still Going' shit. ;; The Power Dump Shit ;; The kind that comes out so fast, you barely get your pants down when you're done. ;; The Liquid Plumber Shit ;; This kind of shit is so big it plugs up the toilet and it overflows all over the floor. (You should have followed the advice from the Lincoln Log Shit.) ;; The Spinal Tap Shit ;; The kind of shit that hurts so much coming out, you'd swear it's got to be coming out sideways. ;; The 'I Think I'm Giving Birth Through My Asshole' Shit ;; Similar to the Lincoln Log and The Spinal Tap Shits. The shape and size of the turd resembles a tall boy beer can. Vacuous air space remains in the rectum for some time afterwards. ;; The Porridge Shit ;; The type that comes out like toothpaste, and just keeps on coming. You have two choices: a) flush and keep going, or b) risk it piling up to your butt while you sit there helpless. ;; The 'I'm Going To Chew My Food Better' Shit ;; When the bag of Doritos you ate last night lacerates the insides of your rectum on the way out in the morning. ;; The 'I Think I'm Turning Into A Bunny' Shit ;; When you drop lots of cute, little round ones that look like marbles and make tiny splashing sounds when they hit the water. ;; The 'What The Hell Died In Here?' Shit ;; Also sometimes referred to as 'The Toxic Dump'. Of course you don't warn anyone of the poisonous bathroom odour. Instead, you stand innocently near the door and enjoy the show as they run out gagging and gasping for air. ;; The 'I Just Know There's A Turd Still Dangling There' Shit ;; Where you just sit there patiently and wait for the last cling-on to drop off because if you wipe now, it's going to smear all over the place.
'Skeet' is actually a form of birth control practiced by the African-American tribes of North America near the beginning of the 21st Centruy. Visionaries of the time (such as Lil Jon and Nelly) recognized the inevitable and everpresent danger of overpopulation in their land and decided to take action. They discovered an ancient form of birth control used by their ancestors that involved 'pulling out and shooting' (much like skeet shooting) during sexual intercourse, as to not impregnate the female, or 'biatch'. The visionaries spread the word the only way they knew how: rap music. People would listen to the songs of the visionaries during ritual smoking ceremonies and chant 'skeet skeet skeet!'. Every tribe of their kind in the land listened to rap music and the idea of skeeting quickly gained in popularity. Soon, the entire African-American tribe had done its part to offset the effects of overpopulation through generations of skeeting on the women that they did not wish to impregnate. However, the other tribes of the land (most notabley, the Whites and Mexicans) did not support the 'Skeet Movement'. They continued to grow in number until the Whites eventually ate the Mexicans. The Whites, however, refused to eat the African-Americans for fear of sickle cell anemia, so they all got on a very large boat and went back to England.
Someone who provides a very needed service for the community and sleeps with everyone, even the guy that has no shot at getting laid and everyone knows it. She will give him a sympathy fuck either because someone asked her to or she just has to fuck everyone she knows. These are great people, and without them sex crimes would definitly increase. Thank you slut, where ever you are.
The sometimes frothy, usually slimy, amalgam of lubricant, stray fecal matter, and ejaculate that leaks out of the receiving partner's anus after a session of anal intercourse. Named, by popular demand and usage, after legislator Rick Santorum because of his homophobic political statements.
The Donkey Punch is when your engaged in anal sex and when your about to ejaculate you punch the poor little lady in the back of the head so her anal cavity tightens making the orgasm all that more better (for you ofcourse).
you have just entered the very heart, soul, and life force of the [internet]. this is a place beyond sanity, wild and untamed. there is nothing new here. 'new' content on 4chan is not found; it is created from old material. every interesting, offensive, shocking, or debate inspiring topic youve seen elsewhere has been posted here ad infinitum. we are the reason for '[not safe for work]'. we are the [anonymous] army. cross us and you will fail. anonymous is everywhere. you depend on us every day. we bag your groceries, we fix your computers. anonymous sees you before you see him. sitting at desks around the world right now is a nameless, faceless, unforgiving mafia composed of the best of the best. ;; we are 4channers. the people devoid of any type of [soul] or [conscience]. products of [cynicism] and [apathy], spreading those very sentiments daily. anonymous is the hardened [war veteran] of the internet. he does not forgive or forget. we have seen things that defy explantions. heard stories that would make any god-fearing, law abiding citzen empty their stomach where they stand. we have experienced them multiple times and eagerly await their return. ;; 4chan is a place of sheer [genius] and utter [stupidity], and there is often a thin line dividing the two. here you will see a state of mind that exists in most human beings, but is rarely if ever shown. this is a place where taboos do not exist. 4chan cannot simply be regarded as a simple website or imageboard. it is so much more than code. 4chan is alive and constantly changing. this is a subculture, a self-governing sect of the world. rich in history and foundation. to become a 4chan user is to speak a different language. to leave behind any methods of conventional thinking you once knew. ;; there are things here that you will not understand and things you never will understand. if you cannot accept this then [GTFO] now. because there is no turning back.
A penis wider than it is long
'Mother I'd Like (to) Fuck'
One of two things men keep after a divorce.
A synonym for a woman's genitalia, vagina, pussy, etc.
womans vagina
Something the girls in the example pictures aren't.
God's gift to mankind
So far the majority of you are incorrect. ;; 420's origin IS known. ;; the term 420 originated at San Rafael High School, in 1971, among a group of about a dozen pot-smoking wiseacres who called themselves the Waldos, who are now pushing 50. The term was shorthand for the time of day the group would meet, at the campus statue of Louis Pasteur, to smoke pot. Intent on developing their own discreet language, they made 420 code for a time to get high, and its use spread among members of an entire generation. ;; So there ya go, someone's parents out there invented the term 4/20. ;; And remember this: ;; There are NOT 420 chemicals in Weed. It's about 315, the num. goes up or down depending on what you're smoking. ;; 4/20 is NOT police code or Maryjane. ;; And that whole shit about Holland and 4/20 over there being 'tea time' for smokers isn't true either. ;; I know my shit.
What occurs during the course of an Herbal Essence commercial.
Turned on immensely ;; For guys: When their heart rate speeds up and their dicks become stiff and hard. ;; For girls: When their heart rate speeds up and their pussies become wet and slippery.
From 'Monty Python' ;; Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the english language today, is the word fuck. Out of all the english words that begin with the letter 'f' ...fuck is the only word refered to as 'the f word... It's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love. Fuck, as most words in the english language is derived from german ...the word fuieken, which means to strike. ;; In english, fuck falls into many grammatical categories: ;; As a transitive verb for intance ...John fucked Shirley. ;; As an intransitive verb...Shirley fucks. ;; Its meaning is not always sexual, it can be used as... ;; An adjective such as ...John's doing all the fucking work. ;; As part of an adverb ...Shirley talks too fucking much. ;; As an adverb enhancing an adjective ...Shirley is fucking beautiful. ;; As a noun ...I don't give a fuck. ;; As part of a word ...absofuckinglutely -or- infuckingcredible. ;; And as almost every word in a sentence ...Fuck the fucking fuckers. ;; As you must realize, there aren't too many words with the versatility of fuck...such as these examples describing situations such as: ;; Fraud ...I got fucked at the used car lot. ;; Dismay ...ahhh fuck it. ;; Trouble ...I guess I'm really fucked now. ;; Agression ...Don't fuck with me buddy. ;; Difficulty ...I don't understand this fucking question. ;; Inquiry ...Who the fuck was that? ;; Dissatisfaction ...I don't like what the fuck is going on here. ;; Incompetance ...He's a fuck-off. ;; Dismissal ...Why don't you go outside and play hide and go fuck yourself... ;; I'm sure you can think of many more examples. ;; With all these multi-purpose applications, how can anyone be offended when you use the word. We say use this unique, flexible word more often in your daily speech. ;; It will identify the quality of your character immediately. ;; Say it loudly and proudly... ;; ...FUCK YOU!
A guy who talked to some Jewish guys, some Christian guys, and some Islam guys, and accidentaly caused more people to die than anyone else in human history.
Lust is the desire for their body; love is the desire for their soul.
A person who is a weak ass pussy ;; that ain't bout shit.
i assume that if you're looking up horny you're probably horny in some way, hence the first example. ;; what happens to me after reading anything. ;; the state i am in after reading the above definitions. ;; desiring [sex] or a wanting to [masturbate]. ;; see [ganting] or [randy]
It's original definition was 'Laughing out loud' (also written occasionally as 'Lots of Laughs'), used as a brief acronym to denote great amusement in chat conversations. ;; Now, it is overused to the point where nobody laughs out loud when they say it. In fact, they probably don't even give a shit about what you just wrote. More accurately, the acronym 'lol' should be redefined as 'Lack of laughter.' ;; Depending on the chatter, its definition may vary. The list of its meanings includes, but is not limited to: ;; 1) 'I have nothing worthwhile to contribute to this conversation.' ;; 2) 'I'm too lazy to read what you just wrote so I'm typing something useless in hopes that you'll think I'm still paying attention.' ;; 3) 'Your statement lacks even the vaguest trace of humor but I'll pretend I'm amused.' ;; 4) 'This is a pointless acronym I'm sticking in my sentence just because it's become so engraved into my mind that when chatting, I MUST use the meaningless sentence-filler 'lol.'' ;; See: [lmao], [lmfao], [rofl], [lawl], [heh], [haha], [lolol], and [120] for similarities.
An ancient novel full of murder, corruption, homosexuality, bestiality, incest and cruelty. It is often read to children on Sunday.
I don't know where most of you got your fucking definitions for this word, but the Chode has nothing to do with a short or fat penis. It is a synonym of 'taint' and 'gooch'. It is the area between your sac and your asshole. Why would you create a definition for something that doesn't exist, you morons?
1. n. Semen ;; 2. v. To orgasm ;; Usage Note: the word is spelled with a 'u' to differentiate it from 'come,' which has a... cleaner definition.
(1) Word used to describe the act of whining excessively. ;; (2) Person who rides specifically in the middle of a front-seatting only car meant for 2 passengers or less. ;; (3) Modern-day servant; A person who performs tasks for another, usually degrading in status. ;; (4) Term used to exclaim hardship.
An individual who believes that the white male Christian God should be the only object of worship on the planet, that power and wealth should remain in the hands of 1% of the world's population while the remaining 99% starve, that health care should be privatized so the poor can't afford basic medication, that a rape victim living on welfare should be forced to care for a baby she didn't even ask for, and that America is the only real country on Earth while all those other countries they read about are just fakes invented by communists...oh wait, it's terrorists now, isn't it?
The Difference between Emo And Goth:
when a girl spreads her legs for a guy or girl. as the giver, you should then gently tease the girl with your tounge and fingers by tracing all over the inside of her thighs and near and around her pussy. then place your mouth atop the girls sweet pussy lips and spread them with your tounge. placing your mouth over the opening to her cunt, kiss her like you would on her mouth and gently push your tounge down into her sweet, wet cunt. continue to tounge fuck her until she bucks up towards you from pleasure. gently pull your tounge out and lick around but not on her clit. get your fingers wet from her pussy and gently rub the top of her clit until its erect and hard. slide your tounge over the top of her clit and all around until she moans. make your mouth into the shape of an 'O' overtop of her clit and suck on it while fucking her in her cunt with your fingers or a vibrator/dildo/long hard object until she cums. if your using a dildo on her, fuck her with it with one hand and reach up and rub her nipples and tits with the other one. boys especially should make note of this eating out process- try it on a girl. its alot fucking better than what guys usually do, which is just licking her until the guy gets bored. this is why alot of girls expirement with other girls...girls know the female body and know what to do to get each other off.
Probably one of the greatest rappers out there. Dosent just rap about bitches and hoes like other rappers, but about his life experiences and the controversy with his music. Despite the controversy he sold millions of records around the world, and no; hes not a wigger, hes not trying to act black, he just raps. Who ever said that only black people could rap?
The peak pleasure of sex. Its like an explosion in the inside of your body, but it feels great
things that guys like to play with
A woman that sleeps with everyone but YOU!!!!! ;; SEE: SLUT - A woman that sleeps with everyone.
Someone who has surpassed the levels of jerk and asshole, however not yet reached fucker or motherfucker. Not to be confuzed with [douche].
'Emo' is not short for 'Emotional.' 'Emo' does not mean Taking Back Sunday and Dashboard Confessional, despite what MTV has lead you to believe in the last few years. 'Emo' is not sidebangs, tight pants, and male vocalists who sing like little girls about their failed relationships. 'Emo' is not the use of diluted, meaningless metaphors and similes such as 'My arms are like pinecones,' and most definitely is not the rampant use of words such as 'autumn,' 'heart,' 'knife,' 'bleeding,' 'leaves,' and 'razorblade.' ;; I just thought I'd clear that up after all of these 'definitions' in which I have encountered an unbelievable amount of people who try to pass off their blatantly false pretenses as fact, and are slowly infecting others with their high-horse, holier-than-thou bullshit. Because honestly, with your ridiculous definitions, Beethoven, George Gershwin, and Britney Spears are/was 'emo bands.' ;; Now, onto the real definition. ;; In the early 90s there was a movement in the hardcore genre that came to be known as 'Emotive Hardcore,' spearheaded by Rites Of Spring. Harder-core-than-thou kids, who swore by Dischord Records a la Minor Threat, actually coined the term 'Emo' as something of a put-down for the kids who really liked Rites Of Spring, Indian Summer and this new wave of 'Emotive' Hardcore bands. That's right, 'Emo' was once not something kids called themselves. The field exploded outwards from there - Level-Plane Records has always been the most famous Emo label. Acts like Yaphet Kotto, I Hate Myself, Saetia, Hot Cross, A Day In Black And White, Funeral Diner, I Would Set Myself On Fire For You, You And I, and hosts of others came in the next decade. Most emo bands have since broken up, but there's still the occasional hold-out (again, the majority of Level-Plane Records' roster has been a procession of emo acts). Like most DIY hardcore/punk of the time, a majority found its way onto vinyl and not much else. Some people consider bands like Fugazi, and later Sunny Day Real Estate, a progression of emo, but personally, I don't quite follow that philosophy. ;; Often, more recently, this gets intertwined with post-hardcore, and understandably so - that's nothing to make an issue of, since well shit, at least it's close. ;; Since the late 90s, though, bands have been emerging in the vein of Taking Back Sunday, Dashboard Confessional, and the thousands of their clones. As far as I can tell, some lazy journalist somewhere, writing an article about them, decided 'Well, fuck, no one knows what emo is anyways, so I'll call these bands 'emo' - sounds more appealing than bubblegum pop rock...' and the spiral continued downwards into the current amalgomation of bands MTV has told everyone is 'emo.' ;; Somehow, people decided that 'emo' meant 'emotional,' which is obviously bullshit, as 99% of bands make music to illicit emotion, which would make 'emotional' a completely all-encompassing genre from classical to opera to pop to rap. ;; Hope that helps.
1. A race that is asian by geography, but has little in common with other asian nations. A hard working, industrious, and very strong family oriented people, but notoriously useless at organizing anything beyond chaos as a nation of people. ;; 2. An exceptional breed of gardener indigenous to a Southeast Asian island chain called the Philippines. A natural born weed whacker.
the best five minutes of silence a married man can ask for.
typical 'scene' girl: ;; -choppy hair ;; -usually black ;; -septum ring ;; -has a myspace with pictures of her from crazy angles with a TUFF face on because shes so hardxcore ;; -goes to local shows all the time ;; -belongs to a livejournal community called 'cuntxcore' or 'gungunbangbang' or 'murderscene'. because anything involving guns, or bang, or murder, or glamour, electric, shock, lust, or cunt, is cool in her book ;; -often says things like 'SUP NIGZ' or 'KTHXBAI' or 'I HATE YOU KDIE' or 'IM COOLER THAN YOU K' or 'SUP IM RAD' on their myspace profile ;; -loves dinosaurs and robots and little girl bows and headbands because its just the way things are in the scene. dont ask them why all of them happen to find all of these things suddenly attractive, because they dont know themselves, its just what TOTALLY SCENExCORE people do. ;; usually theyre just obnoxious bitches who put on this 'scener than thou' attitude and hate everyone else, kthxbai lol.
Sex only on Anniversaries, Birthdays and Christmas
a chode is a bunch of people that sit around and argue over the definition of the word chode
1.The male genitals ;; 2.An abrasive man ;; 3.Short-form for 'Richard'
the reason you need a new hard drive.
The people you pick on in high school and wind up working for as an adult
A word Santa Clause says three times when he sees your wife, mother and sister together in the same room.
To lick, blow, and suck on a mans dick. Proper technique including rubbing his balls with left hand, stroking dick with right hand in sync to the pace you are moving your mouth. To go all the way and deep throat is much desired, while doing this begin to hum and moan. This will send him up the wall. When he does reach [orgasm] and begin to [cum] swallow it, and lick it off of him. This will also drive him insane. ;; Like right now, i bet at least 5 guys reading this right now are jacking off fanticizing about someone doing this to them. Sorry guys, if I was there, u know I would. ;-)
A. INTRO ;; I. What is this? ;; II. Defining 'Noob' ;; B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICS ;; I. Noobish ;; II. Where to find noobs ;; III. Behavior of noobs ;; IV. Noob religion ;; V. More about noob habitats ;; C. AVOIDING NOOBS ;; I. Make sure you aren't one ;; II. Major noob avoiding strategies ;; ------------------------ ;; A. INTRO ;; I. What is this? ;; This guide is designed to give you a better understanding of what a noob is, how to recognize them, some details about them, and how to avoid or get rid of them. It mostly applies to online forums, which are the main targets of migrating noobs. ;; II. Defining 'Noob' ;; Contrary to the belief of many, a noob/n00b and a [newbie]/[newb] are not the same thing. [Newbs] are those who are new to some task* and are very beginner at it, possibly a little overconfident about it, but they are willing to learn and fix their errors to move out of that stage. [n00bs], on the other hand, know little and have no will to learn any more. They expect people to do the work for them and then expect to get praised about it, and make up a unique species of their own. It is the latter we will study in this guide so that the reader is prepared to encounter them in the wild if needed. ;; Noobs are often referred to as [n00bs] as a sign of disrespect toward them, and it's often hella funny, but I will refer to them as noobs during this reading. ;; * Usually the topic at hand on an internet forum. ;; B. COMMON NOOB CHARACTERISTICS ;; I. Noobish ;; Often, but not always, noobs will attempt to communicate in their own primitive language, known as 'n00bish.' It is a variant of the hacker language that exposes them as having little intelligence or will to learn. Here is an example of some noobish. Do not attempt to comprehend it: it cannot be discerned without professionals at hand. ;; stFU /../..an, i r teh r0xx0rz liek emin3m, u cna go tO EHLL OR ATLE4St help m3 wit hthIS!!111!!!!!!!1~~1!!``!! LOLLOLOLLOLOLlOoLLOlollLLl u n00b ;; Although you may find this unbelievably funny and/or annoying, it is best to restrain yourself and keep from talking back to them, as they are very territorial and easily angered. This will result in their attempted verbal abuse of you, possibly backed up by other noobs, because they work in packs when doing offensive tasks. It is not an easy task to learn this language because our intelligent accent will keep it from sounding quite right when spoken. You can write some simple noobish of your own, however, by slamming your face into your keyboard repeatedly. ;; II. Where to find n00bs ;; On the internet, n00bs make their colonies on forums. They migrate in waves, usually on weekends, and proceed to clog up bandwidth with stupid questions and sometimes even stupid answers. If you happen to be unfortunate enough to be on a board large enough to attract migrating noobs, there will hopefully be authority in charge who is smart enough to take extermination measures before they can make nests and larger colonies. [THE BANNER HAMMER] is one form of authority. ;; Larger colonies can result in the mutation of some into spammers. Not commercial spammers, but pointless spammers. A noob can become one of these at any point, but the larger the amount of noobs, the more chance pointless spammers will appear. ;; Off the internet, noobs appear anywhere the focus is on learning or discussing something specific. ;; III. Behavior of noobs ;; Since noobs are basically ignorant bastards, they have a lot in common. The most often seen characteristic is their fluency in noobish, which is why it got its own section. They will also be very self confident as if they were the absolute best at what they are in fact the worst at. Also, they are quite agressive and self-centered, and tend to laugh a lot using many L's and O's in rapid sucession (the noobish word for laughing like an ultimate retard). ;; It is their instinct to assemble in packs for defense, and they often attempt to organize packs that they call teams. Unfortunately for them, teams usually result in a total loss of communication and they can often begin to fight amongst each other. These teams are quite unlike those formed by non-noobs. ;; Noobs have difficulty reading English and cannot comprehend the idea of authority. ;; Therefore, they have an all-out disregard for rules, basic or not. A good way to identify a noob (bad) vs. a [newb] (good) is to tell them (or have an authority tell them) which rule they are unknowingly breaking. If they respond with an apology and fix it, they are probably not a noob. If they react by insulting everything around them in rapid noobish and causing general mayhem, it is because they are a noob and have had a small seizure due to their inability to understand what is happening. ;; IV. Noob Religion ;; Noobs follow a variation of the [1337] (sometimes [7331]) religion, in which they worship the number in odd rituals and put altars in their forum avatars and signatures. They often call themselves [1337], which experts say is somewhat like calling themselves godly in a human language. It's best to not interfere with their religious fantasies and practices because that can lead to a noob uprising, which can turn a forum to mush in less than a week. ;; V. More about noob habitats ;; Noobs often attempt to maintain their own web pages. Some common features of these lairs are a terrible lack of content, background music, lots of pointless animated gifs, and pages that say some variation of 'tHEir isnothinG H34r yEtt LOLLOLOL!111!1!!~~~!!`! 13371337', which means 'Nothing here yet' in noobish. ;; They will also have large, seemingly infinite marquees of 88X31 affiliate buttons replaced with red X's scattered here and there, and possibly a hit counter showing a number less than 100. These habitats are numerous but fairly easy to avoid because only noobs link to them. So if you can identify a noob, don't go to its homepage. Simple as that. ;; C. AVOIDING NOOBS ;; I. Make sure you aren't one ;; Note: This section is bilingual so even noobs can make the discovery if they haven't already. ;; English (T4lk)- ;; Read the above parts of this guide carefully. If you find yourself unable to comprehend any of it but are instead beginning to think about how great you are and how awesome 'teh 1337' is, you might want to take one of the many available online quizzes to check your noobancy. ;; Noobish (133713371337)- Liek, u gott4 re3D teh gudieCAREFUl1y and tehn OMG LIEK I AM R0XX0RZ ya anD ify 0u turn into teh reTARDED u gota go 2 MY WEBP4GE LOLLOLOL!!111~11 ad check 4 warez n stfuu. if u r a n00b go2HELL LOLLOLOlROFLMFAO11!!!11!!!! a/s/l pos gtg n00b suxx0rz ur b0xx0rz OLOOOLOLLLL HELP HELP HELP 1337133713371337 ;; II. Major noob avoiding strategies ;; The main factor in attracting migrating herds of noobs is a large, active forum. If you find one of these, look to see if it has the management to avoid noob infestation. If not, look for a small or mid-sized forum that covers the same topic so you can enjoy your time there before the noobs find it. ;; Another way to keep noobs from interfering with your life is to become part of the authority on one of these forums. But that's often hard to do so you'll probably be better off avoiding larger forums first off. If you do manage to become part of the authority, however, take full advantage of it and establish extermination policies so that normal people can have a nice time without noob infestations.
'fo shizzle ma nizzle' is a bastardization of 'fo' sheezy mah neezy' which is a bastardization of 'for sure mah nigga' which is a bastdardization of 'I concur with you whole heartedly my African american brother'
1. Happy. ;; 2. Homosexual. ;; 3. A generic insult.
the excrutiating pain a man receives when his balls swell to the size of coconuts because of lack of sex, unfinished bjs, and just not cummin when he knows he should. ;; Cure: JUST WACK IT MAN!! or get your woman to help you out and do the job right. It's that simple to make the horrible pain go away.
1.) A body organ used for urination, sexual pleasure, and for making important life desisions.
So the Urbandictionary definition made you curious too?
An expression of contempt.
One who prevents another from scoring sexually.
It's the ultimate game of testing your ego. It becomes a competition of seeing who has the most friends, so you add everyone you've made eye contact with in the past 6 years, constantly posting bulletins telling people to comment on your NEW PICZ PLZ or die. Also a way for every garage band ever to make a Myspace Music profile without even have talent and/or experience as other bands have. Also a new place for every hott girl in the world to prove how slutty they are by making a Myspace and putting pictures of themselve's where they only have 1/5 of their clothes on with the quote under it 'I used photoshop to cover my boobs, So What.'
Ultra cool, Usually hot or at least sort of cute. Awesome sense of style, music, and humor. Sexy, awesome kisser
A group of white, mostly middle-class well-off kids who find imperfections in there life and create a ridiculous, depressing melodrama around each one. They often take anti-depressants, even though the majority don't need them. They need to wake up and deal with life like everyone else instead of wallowing in their imaginary quagmire of torment.
apperance ,style ,or the way he or she presents them selves.
what the fuck are you looking at the definition of pineapples for you stupid fuck?
the cutest guy ever, and has the greatest respect for girls, is funny, and very very LOVING!
[Punk] music on estrogen. Often acoustic guitar with soft, high male vocals that dwell exessively on the singer's feelings, especially melancholy remembrances of past relationships/mistakes in life. A form of music that diverged from punk in the '80s, the name 'emo' is derived from the emotive style of the lyrics and music. This genre has lately been marketed heavily by the music industry to teenagers with bands such as [Dashboard Confessional] and [Taking Back Sunday], and has seen much commercial and mainstream success. The music has also spawned a subculture which conforms to certain conventions in dress such as tight sweatshirts, tight band T-shirts and horn-rim glasses. Adherents profess to exessively melancholy temperments. Males that adhere to the emo subculture are sometimes confused with metrosexuals; indeed the line between the two is somwhat blurred, though both groups claim to be intouch with their emotional side. The ephemeral and hackneyed nature of emo songwriting suggests that its audience will be restricted largely to teenagers. the genre suffers from a lack of credibility outside the aforementioned demographic group, much like current Nu Metal bands.
The ability to reach down someone's pants and be satisfied with whatever you find.
What to avoid in prison.
The delicately balanced art of getting your cock sucked while taking a dump.
One of the best parts of a girl's body. ;; The one thing most guys want to get to. ;; A reciever for the male penis. ;; A degrading name for a girl.
The dude who mows my lawn.
In these times not really used if somebody is really a homosexual mostly used insteap of calling somebody stupid or a loser.
a bad ass motherfucker who who won't take no shit off of nobody
1. Obvious to anyone over 1 year old ;; because they want to pet it ;; 2. Obvious to anyone over 8 years old ;; because they want to make fun of them ;; 3. Obvious to anyone over 12 years old because they want to make fun of it, but also stare at it, pet it, put stuff in it etc.
To go to a restaurant for a delicious meal. Get your mind out of the gutter, you pervs!
Phrase used after one inadvertently says something that sounds gay.
Usually a name for a person that is a walking Goddess. Gorgeous to the maximum, fun to talk to, easy to befriend with a sexy booty. Often pulls off the innocent act but she gets around.
A word that fat chicks use as a euphemism for fat. These girls usually run personal ads calling themselves 'pleasingly plump.' Sure, you're pleasingly plump if the South Pole is refreshingly chilly.
Celebrated on March 14th, Steak and Blowjob Day is a holiday for men, celebrated the month after Valentine's Day -- a holiday for women. ;; The idea is simple: no cards, flowers, candy or other whimsical gifts. Ladies (and gay men), you simply bestow your partner with a steak and a blowjob. Not necessarily in that order.
Okay kids. Enough trash talk. Let's have a neutral definition, because it's a bit childish to use on online dictionary to attack people. PLEASE. ;; The word 'scene' coves a large spectrum throughout recent history, but its most modern definition is used to describe certian subcultures and movements. The most notoriously famous and targeted is the alternative music scene, or more specifically, branches of the alternative music scene such as hardcore, indie, fashoionxcore, etc. A breed of scenesters (people on the scene) has begun to come to the forefront. These scenesters are usually very music-savvy and loyal to a few specific genres (typically hardcore, metal, indie, retro, 80's new wave, classic rock, etc. to name a few), of which they dress to exemplify. It is hard to pin down a style for a scene male or female, considering the trends amongst them vary from coast to coast, and certian fads come in and out within their ranks. Typically, though, many scene kids will have facial piercings, tattoos, and longer hair. It is not unusual to see teased hair with long bangs on males, or short fauxhawks (a mohawk without the sides shaved, a fashion-friendly version) on females. It is almost a throwback to the revolution of Britian's glam era, very androgynous and fresh. Scenesters take a lot of pride in their overall image, and often they appreciate shock value. Oftentimes they are thrifty, employing their abilities as bargian-hunters and do-it-yourself gurus to do something unique with their style. Large vintage sunglasses, retro patterns, tight jeans, classic metal/band tees, plastic jewelry, and heavy eye makeup are just some of the incorperations into scene style for either sex. This style and showmanship is at its height during shows (concerts), where often scene kids will meet their friends and size up strangers who visit their turf. There indeed is competition among scenesters...sometimes friendly, sometimes not. Shows are in fact not just concerts, but often a means of socialization for those on the scene. Those people who partake in scene lifestyle often choose to date/socialize only with those like them, which can cause bitterness or rejection to outsiders. ;; The music scene is often associated with other areas that scenesters are interested in, which is liekely, art, photography, creative writing, poetry, tattoos & piercings, civil rights, animal rights, etc. Many scene kids have strong beliefs about these things and consider those who do not to be 'posers.' They feel that their scene style is not only a fashion statement, but an all-encompassing lifestyle. Many scene kids incorperate their future plans into their lifestyle, going into careers such as journalism, photography, artistry, piercing, tattooing, working for magazines, being musicians, hairstylists, running venues and/or coffee shops, etc. This tends to cause scene kids to congregate, visit, or even move to big cities to find opportunities to meet other scenesters, find jobs that suit them, or to live where they have a plethora of activities that they enjoy readily at their disposal. ;; Recently internet revolutions like myspace.com have provided a new means for the ideas of scene culture to be spead, for scenesters to find new friends, bands, and activities. Scensters design stylish and graphic profile pages to both draw attention to themselves and to find others like them, and many people have joined up with the scene fad due to internet advertising. ;; The downside of many scene atmospheres is that some scene kids tend to develop a superior mentality. Some who are especially popular and affluent can make it harder for the younger, yet-aspiring scenesters to join in with the subculture. This is not always the case, however. Different areas breed different demographics of scene kids. Perhaps part of their attitude comes from the problem that scenesters have begun to feel threatened about their culture being jeopardized because of a sort of trickle down effect. The internet is permitting easy access for anyone who would want to don scene-esque style and jump right in to a culture that scenesters feel they have built from the ground up and developed into a complex lifestyle. However, this lends many to get caught up in popularity contests in local areas as well as on the world wide web. Unfortunately, this can also lead to rifts in scenes. Groups of hardcore scenesters start 'crews,' often characterized by fierce brotherhood to the point of violence against others who are unlike them or who are in other crews. ;; The scene is dividing amongst itself, due to purists who feel the scene is about music only, and those who have taken the scene fashion to be almost, if not equally, as important as the music itself. Some of the fashionable scenesters stick to their musical roots, but often due to the aforementioned trickle-down effect, there are people joining the scene who are not interested in the music, but are only in it for the attention. ;; Thus, the scene will continue to divide. Whether they will admit it or not, kids interested in this lifestyle of excitement, concerts, body modification, fashion, and overall alluringly unusual aesthetics will continually be labeled as 'scene.' They chose an alternative path because they wanted to find acceptance elsewhere. Now, they face a community just like any other: one of all different types of people, who have different opinions and standards. It has its pros and cons, ups and downs, just like any lifestyle does.
1) A great word to shout out. ;; 2) A woman's vagina. ;; 3) A blow to the face or genitalia. ;; 4) Used by Tweety. ;; 5) An offensive term for a person. ;; 6) Acronym for The War Against Terrorism.
place were you spend first 18 years of life taking it up the ass
Something I am very, very good at...and I swallow.
Acronym for 'shake my head' or 'shaking my head.' Usually used when someone finds something so stupid, no words can do it justice. Sometimes it's modified to 'smfh' or 'smmfh' by those that prefer profanity in their internet acronyms.
A phenomena that happens to a computer's keyboard when a human being is bored to death...
The day I came out of a vagina
Women's secret source of power over men. Having the right tits often results in social and economic gain.
a phrase used at the end of a story that had really no point to be told to someone. used at the end of boring stories to make them seem more interesting and worthwhile.
noun. ;; Someone that is of extreme greatness. Often considered as a god in some religions. Also means cool.
A powerful spell that women are put under about once every month, which gives them the strength of an ox, the stability of a Window's OS, and the scream of a banshee. Basically, man's worst nightmare.
Like Kansas, flat, white and easy to enter
The cleveland steamer is far more specific than the listings I have seen here. A sexual act by nature (fetish) the cleveland steamer is when one person craps on another person's chest and (very important) then sits down and rocks back and forth like a steam roller.
Your current boss.
A formidable foe to normal people. intelligent, strong forceful. a weird hybrid of a bully and a nerd. As well as the first dictator of the America and king of the new peaceful world. Also known as Timebomb and various other variations including at least TB.
The only presendent of the United States of America to be all most assassinated by a pretzil.
High school is a failed experiment in preparing young people for the adult world. All high schools in the country were built around 1960 and were designed to hold about half as many students as they currently do. Nothing seems to work quite right in a high school building. The heaters only work during the summer and the air conditioning only works in the winter. The asbestos insulation has all fagged out and the building becomes an oven or a meat locker, depending on the time of year. The plumbing is usually a disaster in high school, with drinking fountains never working but toilets that never stop running. ;; High schools are usually poorly run by a team of out of touch assholes, also known as Principals, counselor, teachers, and ex-Marine drill sergeants (gym teachers). These people seem hell bent on destroying all hope for students through tedious testing, poorly planned projects, educational videos made during the Truman Administration, and text books that mention the Soviet Union on every page. ;; High school is also the place where the stress of growing up and the stress of fitting in join forces to destroy even the strongest among us. Most of High school is not spent learning but involves trying to find friends who aren't complete douche bags, trying hook up with people of the opposite sex unsuccessfully, combing your hair, buying cloths in the effort that someone will notice you, working out so you will not get your ass kicked everyday, trying desperately to get rid of the zits that have taken over your face, driving a car that a homeless person wouldn't piss in or riding on an over crowed bus while choking on diesel fumes, while people you don't know make fun of you worse then your friends do, and on top of all of that, you must act like nothing is wrong in your life.
/b/ is the guy who tells the cripple ahead of him in line to hurry up. ;; /b/ is first to get to the window to see the car accident outside. ;; /b/ is the one who wrote your number on the mall's bathroom wall. ;; /b/ is a failing student who makes passes at his young, attractive English teacher. ;; /b/ is the guy loitering on Park Ave. that is always trying to sell you something. ;; /b/ is the one who handed his jizz-drenched clothes to Good Will. ;; /b/ is one who introduced you first to Goatse. ;; /b/ is a hot incest dream that you'll try to forget for days. ;; /b/ is the only one of your group of friends to be secure in his sexuality and say anything. ;; /b/ is the guy without ED who still likes trying Viagra. ;; /b/ is the best friend that tags along for your first date and cock-blocks throughout night. The decent girl you're trying to bag walks out on the date, /b/ laughs and takes you home when you're drunk, and you wake up to several hookers in your house who /b/ called for you. ;; /b/ is a friend that constantly asks you to try mutual masturbation with him. ;; /b/ is the guy who calls a suicide hotline to hit on the advisor ;; /b/ is nuking the hard-drive next time someone knocks on his door. ;; /b/ is the one who left a used condom outside the schoolyard. ;; /b/ is the voice in your head that tells you that it doesn't matter if she's drunk. ;; /b/ is the friend who constantly talks about your mom's rack. ;; /b/ is the only one who understands what the hell you saying. ;; /b/ is someone who would pay a hooker to eat his ass, and only that. ;; /b/ is the uncle who has touched you several times. ;; /b/ is still recovering in the hospital, after trying something he saw in a hentai.
Proof that voting in America can be rigged. Instigated the [9/11] attacks with his illogical foreign policies, and made the world hate America even more by starting an illegal oil [war] in [Iraq]. He has also succeeded in turning [America] from a once prosperous nation into a debt-ridden chaos.
A word used by blacks to maintain racial seperation and dwell on events over one hundred years ago.
ancient greek translation for 'eternal sex-god'. It is beleived that anyone that holds this name has a great level of skill and ability to perform sexual acts for long periods of time. Men posessing this name are also well endowed.
The biggest lie in human history. It has been responsible for more deaths throughout human history than all other unnatural causes combined. For a thousand years the Church was a tyrannical dictatorship that used religion to control the uneducated masses. Free your minds and come into the 21st century
A HOT mom you'd wanna hit all night long.
Someone who has odd interests, and is often silly at times. A dork is also someone who can be themselves and not care what anyone thinks.
The most amazing person in the entire universe. Everything about him is perfect! He's charming, handsome, intelligent, strong, romantic, funny...everything you want in a guy. It's impossible not to fall in love with him! Once you lay eyes on him, you will know from that very moment that you will never stop loving him.
When a woman wears a pair of tight jeans that makes her flab spill out over the waistband, just like the top of a muffin sits over the edge of the paper case.
The onomatopoeic representation of masturbation. Often used to suggest that something is attractive.
The male reproductive organ. Used as a secondairy brain at times.
slang term for a highly attractive and sexually intriguing individual.
An 'Andre' refers to anglo-saxon type races that TRY to be like black and gangsta type people. They try, talk, act and copy those of darker skined descents. Andre are those that are sensitve, weak mentally and physically, usually nigilated and act differently to what their personality is, covering up what they actually are inside. The word Andre is derived from America referring to those WIGGA type people.
One who lacks the mental capacity to know he is being used. A [fool]. A [cretin]. Characterized by low intelligence and/or self-steem.
The light of the world, the one who came and died on the cross to forgive us of all of our sins. There is a religion based on that, called Christianity.
A sad pathetic excuse for a male; not necessarily of Italian descent, but most likely; usually native to the New York/New Jersey Tri-State area. ;; WARDROBE: tight zipper shirts, tracksuits, designer jeans, fuzzy kangol hats, tiny hoop earrings, fake gold chains, and related Euro-trash garb and tacky cheese-wear. ;; NATURAL HABITAT: Known to frequent Tri-State area malls looking for club gear to waste their week's pay on (most likely spotted shopping at 'Bang Bang' in Staten Island). During the day when not at their food delivery, telemarketting, or construction job, can be located at their local gym tanning or lifting weights. Can be found nightly at mainstream danceclubs they read about online (SF, Webster Hall, Etc.). Most notable for cruising the Jersey shore in an old car (Honda, Mustang, etc.) which has been tinted, painted and sports $1,000-$3,000 rims in a feeble attempt to look like new. Guido cars usually have a boomin' system through which cheesy music like freestyle, commercial club/trance and hip-hop (anything KTU plays) is loudly blasted. ;; GENETIC LINKS: Directly related to modern day urban-guidos, A.K.A. 'wiggers,' A.K.A. 'wegros;' urban-guidos are white males who once exhibited the traits referenced above, but have now instead opted to keep it unreal, with wardrobes consisting of clothes from labels like FUBU and Rocawear which they bought on sale at Macy's. These individuals still listen to the same music and drive the same type of car as their predecessor; it is usually just their choice of attire and use of slang and poor speech skills that differentiate them from the classic guido. Most guidos are distrusting of non-whites despite the fact some of their attire and music can be traced to non-white origins. ;; PASSTIMES/RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES: Guidos enjoy beating up a non-white or homosexual while assisted by a group of 5-10 guido friends backing them up; engaging in date rape; and displaying their lack of rhythm by dancing poorly in the middle of a club's dance floor while non-guidos look on in disbelief.
a stalkers dream come true
Love is patient; love is kind and envies no one. Love is never boastful, nor conceited, nor rude; never selfish, not quick to take offence. Love keeps no score of wrongs; does not gloat over another's sins, but delights in the truth. There is nothing love cannot face; there is not limit to its faith, its hope, and its endurance. In a word, there are three things that last forever: faith, hope, and love; but the greatest of them all is love.
a word to describe an individual who has shown themself to be very brainless in one way or another, thus comparing them to the cleansing product for vaginas.
Abr. of 'molecular'. ;; Pure form of MDMA (ecstasy), usually a free powder or in capsules. Oftentimes MDA is sold as molly. Should be white in color (when it's pure) but is more often beige or yellow-brown, and sometimes brown or rarely gray.
Here are some reasons to be proud to be Canadian: ;; 1. Smarties ;; 2. Crispy Crunch, Coffee Crisp ;; 3. The size of our footballs fields and one less down ;; 4. Baseball is Canadian ;; 5. Lacrosse is Canadian ;; 6. Hockey is Canadian ;; 7. Basketball is Canadian ;; 8. Apple pie is Canadian ;; 9. Mr. Dress-up kicks Mr. Rogers ass ;; 10. Tim Hortons kicks Dunkin' Donuts ass ;; 11. In the war of 1812, started by America, Canadians pushed ;; the Americans back...past their 'White House'. Then we burned it...and most of Washington, under the command of William Lyon McKenzie who was insane and hammered all the time. We got bored because they ran away, so we came home and partied...Go figure.. ;; 12. Canada has the largest French population that never surrendered to ;; Germany. ;; 13. We have the largest English population that never ever surrendered or withdrew during any war to anyone, anywhere. ;; 14. Our civil war was a bar fight that lasted a little over an hour. ;; 15. The only person who was arrested in our civil war was an American ;; mercenary, who slept in and missed the whole thing... but showed up just in time to get caught. ;; 16. We knew plaid was cool far before Seattle caught on. ;; 17. The Hudsons Bay Company once owned over 10% of the earth's surface and is still around as the worlds oldest company. ;; 18. The average dog sled team can kill and devour a full grown human in under 3 minutes. ;; 19. We still know what to do with all the parts of a buffalo. ;; 20. We don't marry our kin-folk. ;; 21. We invented ski-doos, jet-skis, velcro, zippers, insulin, penicillin, zambonis, the telephone and short wave radios that save countless lives each year. ;; 22. We ALL have frozen our tongues to something metal and lived to tell about it. ;; 23. A Canadian invented Superman. ;; BUT MOST IMPORTANT! ;; 24. The handles on our beer cases are big enough to fit your hands with mitts on. OOOoohhhhh Canada!! ;; Oh yeah... and our elections only take one day.
1. To orgasm. ;; 2. Whitish fluid from aforemention orgasm. ;; 3. How internet sluts say 'come'.
1) Acronym used for the phrase 'shut the fuck up' for efficiency reasons.
Simultaneous oral sex. Can be practised by M+M, M+F or F+F. ;; The reference is that the numerals 6 and 9 are inverted versions of each other, reflecting the physical position that the couple must adopt when engaged in this sexual practice.
Living proof that money can't buy good hair.
Generally accepted internet rule that states that pornography or sexually related material exists for any conceivable subject. ;; Additionally it is accepted that the rule itself has limitations and you cannot be too specific on the content of the item in question. ;; Most commonly used on various message boards for various reasons, from humor to cruelty.
Immediately after you blow your load in a girl's mouth, smack the back of her head and make it come out her nose. When she gets up she'll look like an angry dragon.
Female genitalia. ;; When aroused, swells and produces a filmy, whitish lubricant. ;; Contains a number of nerve endings, none more senstive than the clitoris, an organ a part of the vagina that is formed from the same tissue as the head of the male penish. ;; Stretchable. Consequently, the wider the penis inserted, the more pleasurable for the woman. However, this is not an elastic wasteband, most women prefer a fairly broad diameter equivalent to that of a fairly thick cucumber. ;; Approximately six inches deep, sometimes more or less depending on the woman. Suffice to say, the value of a long penis dimishes after 8 inches or when lacking in depth. ;; Exit for a baby.
Another name for the [rhythm method] of birth control. ;; Called so because it is the only form of contraception endorsed by the Catholic Church.
A women named Amanda is typically very beautiful with an incredible body and nice eyes. They are known to be very loveable. Amandas are envied by other women.
when polly wont finish off your cracker
A Place where courageous people do the nasty
1. Boyfriend or girlfriend ;; 2. Word used to scare people
The traditional way for young female Americans to afford university education (those not from wealthy families).
Someone who likes the darker side of things. They usually listen to death metal and goth music, such as Dismember and Bauhaus. Marilyn Manson is NOT goth. He's just...weird. Real goths are not depressing and suicidal like the posers you see at Hot Topic. Goths are fun to be around and aren't afraid to laugh at themselves every so often. They don't worship Satan and aren't evil despite what some ignorant people might say. Goths don't all dress alike either. They like to create their own unique style. Goths are also very intelligent and creative. A lot of them are writers and artists. Goths DON'T envy the popular people. They are what they are because it makes them happy. Goths would rather stay who they are and be among the so called 'freaks' than be like everyone else and be popular. They understand that there are more important things in life than popularity, and usually succeed in life while the popular ones don't become much of anything. ;; If someone becomes 'goth' because they couldn't get any friends or are depressed and angry all the time, they are most likely a poser.
A guild of [ELITE] [PVP] and [PVE] players , coming into existance back in 1997 in the MMORPG.Ebonlore is a model of what a guild should be. THe leader of Ebonlore is and was Axem.Ebonlore has ventrued through the games of [Everquest],[Vanguard],[Shadowbane] ect.Ebonlore is the model guild for any hardcore player.
1. George W. Bush, president of the United States. ;; 2. Product used to sanitize an unpleasant, dirty vagina. ;; See also [[douchebag]]. Definition 1 also applies to [[douchebag]].
A girl that is very stubborn but at the same time can be the greatest friend on the planet. She loves pizza and is absolutley gorgeous. She is loved by everybody and is fucking hilarious!
when you feel the urge to have sex really badly (daily for a virgin who cant get any like me)
Sexy, without flaw, loving, kindhearted, name for someone that is special to you, thoughtful.
Someone who looks up the word 'dumbass' in a dictionary.
a womens sex tool to make men do what she wants them to do
Accidentally shot himself in the chest once.
Using masturbation to otherwise occupy yourself while pressing matters await.
The name 'Sarah' is translated from the Hebrew language. It means 'Princess'...and rightly so!
the art of seperating the vagina lips and taking a shat inside (and possibly having sex with it afterwards)
1. A skank ;; 2. A woman that is too loose in the booty. ;; 3. Woman or man that fuck anything with two legs. ;; 4. A promiscuous person.[syn: slut]
nigger is to black person as redneck is to white person
1. That frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the by-product of anal sex. ;; 2. Senator Rick Santorum (R-PA)
For some reason this word really offends people, maybe because of the exceptionally crude sound of the word, or maybe because talking about the female genitalia is still considered unnaceptable. Either way, people cannot seem to comprehend that it is just a word, making it a great thing to say around tight ass pussies to piss them off.
The theory that the internet phrase [lol],meaning 'laugh out loud', can be placed at any part in any sentence and make said sentence lose all credibilty and seriousness.
The best possible feeling. Ever. ;; Derived from the ancient greek orgasmos, from the sanskrit urj (sudden powerful feeling). In women, it is the relaxing of the lower third of the vagina and the sudden onset of immensly powerful burning and tingling sensation. Her [clitoris] releases cum so the [penis] will move through her [vagina] easier. ;; In men, orgasms can happen without the release of semen. However, the release of semen marks an orgasm for a man. ;; WAYS TO ACHIEVE ORGASM: ;; 1. On a woman: 1. rub her clitoris, preferably in a circular motion. not up and down too much. that hurts. HARDER IS NOT BETTER. ;; 2. [Eat out] (first definition of this term is perfect) ;; 3. [Sex]. HARDER IS NOT BETTER. ;; *Women tend to moan, gasp, and/or scream during an orgasm. ;; For men: ;; 1. [Blowjob]. Harder can be good, though it is best to alternate speeds and [deepthroat] -it ;; 2. Sex. (Harder is usually better) ;; *Men tend to be more silent than women during an orgasm, with an occasional muttering. (selfish fuckers)
A bunch of racist morons, who think that they are superior only because they are to stupid to obeserve their low position amongst the scum of society. In fact so stupid they burn their own religion to show faith!? The word stupidty doesnt begin to explain the moronic logic and manupulative ways in which they scheme only to discoer the abomination to mankind that they are.
When her pants are so tight you can read her lips!
To get rimmed whilst recieving a hearty reach round, thus resembling a trombone player in full chorus.
Also an expression requently used by stoners and hippies for something of high quality.
Indifference; to be used when one simply does not care.
Slang description for slaves who were brought mostly from West Africa by the Dutch, English, and Portuguese from what was then a huge 'Nigerian Basin' which makes up part of the countries of Nigeria and Niger today.
~The hopefully long, solid muscle that men have as a part of the reproduction process ;; ~Something women can't live without ;; ~Some refer to it as the PEN15 club ;; ~
Someone who is obsessed with Japan/Japanese Culture/Anime, etc. and attempts to act as if they were Japanese, even though they're far from it. They use Japanese words but usually end up pronouncing them wrong and sounding like total assholes. You can find alot of these faggots clogging up the forums of Gaia Online, hanging out in the international aisle of the supermarket, or crowding the manga section of your local bookstore. Synonym of [wapanese].
WHITE PEOPLE, who steal other peoples lands and resources and enslave and kill them---mentally and physically. These resources include the Arts of Civilization and include the 9 major areas of people activity: Economics, Education, Entertainment, Labor, Law, Politics, Religion, Sex, and War.
Someone who has to look up 'stupid' in the dictionary because they don't know what it means.
The act of trapping a person under bed covers after releasing vile ass fumes
'For The Win.' ;; An enthusiastic emphasis to the end of a comment, message, or post. Sometimes genuine, but often sarcastic. ;; Originated from the game show Hollywood Squares where the result of the player's response is expected to win the game.
a wonderfull name that means 'gracious gift from God'
A happy person who is a good listener and reliable friend. Likes to party and is always there when you need her.
An ancient plant, refrenced biblically {the Holy Herb}. ;; Gets you rocked, and has been proven to be less harmful then alcohol or cigarettes. It has never been conclusively proven to have caused a single death in the entire world, ever. ;; Easily avalible in most forign countries, and Alaska, where everybody grows it anyway. ;; Can be purchased by the (if you're lucky) gram, or (not so lucky) by standard measurements. (1/8th of an ounce, 1/4er, 1/2, ect. An eigth usually weighs 3.75, depending on the weight of the baggie and weather or not you're buying from an asshole. There are dealers, and then there are professionals.) usual prices for the sticky-icky-icky (Not that cheap mexican shite, but tanqueray-and-chronic-chronic) can run from $30 to $50 and even $60 an eigth. I even heard it ran eighty an eigth out on Kodiack Island, but you gotta look at the market from a local poiont of view. ;; It's easier to get then liquor if you're under 21. ;; It will not cause you to shoot your friend with the gun you found in your parent's bedroom while they weren't home. (That's shitty parenting, folks, not the pot!) ;; It's healthier then Xanax if you're just looking to ignore your troules for a few hours. ;; A biennial Youth Risk Behavior Survey, released May 21 by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention stated that more of america's youth smoke pot then cigarettes. ;; It's a step in the right direction, folks!
A male or female orgasm resulting in sometimes unexpected amounts of love juice spurting veciferously
its something that makes your life harder. when someone without reason objects to assist you although he can.
A crime. Quite terrible in nature. Often causes sever phycological damage to victim. Forced sexual intercourse. Often very violent in more then just a sexual way. No I am not some feminazi either! I am a male solider in the airbourne. So dont be saying its only somthing whiny girls dont like. ;; 'That MOFO raped my good friend. So I took my boys out and we beat him into the hospital.'
1. Another word for female genetalia ;; 2. A feline companion.
One who posts a deliberately provocative message to a [newsgroup] or [message board] with the intention of causing maximum disruption and argument
an expulsion of wind from the vulva during coitus; a vaginal fart.
One Kick Ass Son of a Bitch! ;; Some random facts about Chuck Norris: ;; 'Alien vs Predator' is an autobiographical depiction of Chuck Norris' first sexual experience. ;; While Chuck Norris was on holiday in Spain, he ate some bad paella causing him to take the largest shit known to man. That shit is now France. ;; Instead of having a cigarette after sex, Chuck Norris heads outside and brands his cattle. ;; Chuck Norris doesn't break up with his girlfriends... He punches them in the vagina and they leave. ;; Chuck Norris had sex with a cigarette machine. ;; Chuck Norris once ate an entire watermelon, including the seeds, then grew an entire watermelon patch in his stomach which fed eleven families for six weeks. ;; In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck killed that man. ;; If you were to know Chuck Norris' true name, your mind would collapse upon itself. ;; A freak accident involving Chuck Norris and a severe thunderstorm turned an ordinary Total Gym (R) into Richard Dean Anderson, star of TV series 'MacGyver'. Scholars around the world maintain that this is the only known case of irony that is both situational and dramatic. ;; Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is unable to send his roundhouse kicks across the fabric of time, however he IS able to perform this action across parallel dimentions and once, just for fun, roundhouse kicked his own ass. ;; Chuck Norris broke his own leg, purely for the sake of winning the special olympics. ;; Chuck Norris once went to a frat party, and proceeded to roundhouse every popped collar in sight. He then drank three kegs and shit on their floor, just because he's Chuck Norris. ;; Don't say anything bad about Chuck Norris if you're near a lake, river, pond or marsh; otherwise he will come up out of the water with his AK-47 already firing. ;; Upon reading a fictitious story in his local tabloid, Chuck Norris ripped out the heart of its writer and used his blood to fertilize his lawn. To celebrate, Norris let Steven Seagal out of his cage and beat him mercilessly. Mr. T, who was also present, pitied the shit out of Segal. Norris then fucked your wife, and lit her body on fire using pure grain alcohol and bolts of lightning from his eyes. ;; When Neil Armstrong uttered 'One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.' on the moon in 1969, he failed to notice Chuck Norris sitting behind him in a lawnchair, a beer in hand, until Chuck Norris gave Armstrong a swift roundhouse kick to the face. Armstrong never returned. ;; There is a secret plot to clone the greatest Hollywood action movie stars in order to create an unbeatable army. The people behind this plot only need very small samples of DNA to work with. This is why so many action stars have very short haircuts, and some even go to the extent of shaving their heads to prevent the evil fiends from getting such a sample. Chuck Norris is the only one with the balls not only to grow his hair long, but also to cultivate facial hair. When he's feeling particularly cocky, he sends his toenail clippings to the evil syndicate's headquarters with a note: 'Just try it, bitches, and I'll kick your asses into next Thursday.' ;; Chuck Norris occasionally has Missing In Action flashbacks where he's escaping a Vietnam Prison and randomly starts killing Asians with his bare fist because thats the way Chuck rolls. You'll know when it's coming because Asians start flying through the air with random explosions, horrible subtitles will scroll your line of vision, and Chuck will run and hide in your mom's garden, finally stealing your Kia Sportage screaming, 'Get in the Chopper' and lines like, 'I'm Proud to be a Fucking American' after kicking your little sister in the face
People who do not do drugs call Marajuanna Dope. ;; People who do Marajuanna call Heroin Dope. ;; Word has also been used to describe how good somthing is.
a beautiful girl whom makes you go crazy .
Short form for [faggot]. ;; A word used by ignorant homophobic teenage males to describe anybody/thing but themselves. This is almost always in a subconscious attempt to prove that they are not gay; everybody around them is. See also [faggot] and [homo].
the kind of girl who still manages to find a way to smile; the one that you'll see walking down the hallway, having her head up high, trying just one last time; the kind of girl that will get back up, each andeverytime she falls... the kind of girl who NEVER gives up.
A derogatory word used by black people to retain (and exploit) their ancestors past as slaves. Many blacks claim it's a term of endearment (akin to brother, homie, etc), but in no way can it be as its root meaning is ignorance. It's another double standard of racism in our current time.
For the most part, an uneducated, pathetic excuse for a human being who listens to the group ICP who are bold enough to actually consider themselves musicians. People you see wearing 'hatchet-man' accesories. They should not be allowed to reproduce, because that is too cruel to future generations. ICP isn't rap, it isn't metal, it isn't rap/metal, and it isn't horrorpop. There is only one way to properly categorize ICP; unnecessarily and unartfully offensive and obnoxious noise.
Evidently on urbandictionary.com, being 'scene' means you are a self-indulgent douche bag you uploads eleventy-billion pictures of yourself looking 'scene'. Congrat-u-fucking-lations. You can use a camera.
People often confuse this word with [figuratively].
(1) the best goddamn thing in the word. If I could, I'd ride one all day long.
NO, a Dirty Sanchez is performed when a male fingers a female's ass and wipes the reminants on the female's upper lip. What you referred to below, when a male inserts his penis in a female's ass then transfers the fecal matter from his penis to the female's upper lip is the Dirty Rodruigez, the first cousin of the Dirty Sanchez. Don't feel bad though, they are commonly confused.
the best excuse to get what you want.
The sphincter of the internet. ;; Where integrity goes to die.
when a [man] puts his [penis] inside a [womans] [vagina] ;; usually done for pleasure by teens and horny people ;; done to make babies
a bundle of sticks or wood.
An extremely common female name.
The tastiest meal known to man.
A disgrace to America
a girl with class, grace, poise and elegance
The name for the most awesome person ever, It is impossible to fit so much awesome into any other person.
A slang word for a vagina.
a machine for downloading porn
Superan; When you are mad at your girl for not having sex with you. So when she falls asleep you masturbate and cum on her back. After that, stick the bedsheet on to her back and when she wakes up it's stuck to the cum and she has a cape like Superman!!!
Irony at its finest, a white person ruling a predomenantly black industry.
The word cunt is only insulting to Americans and over zealous feminists who don't realise its beauty. ;; It has almost replaced the word 'mate', often used in Australia to refer to people in a conversation when they can't be bothered trying to remember your name.
Label given to any person who craves attention to such an extent that they will do anything to receive it. The type of attention (negative or positive) does not matter.
An annual excuse for girls to dress like sluts and get away with it.
To send out automated spam
An individual who has an over-inflated sense of self worth, compounded by a low level of intellegence, behaving ridiculously in front of colleagues with no sense of how moronic he appears.
What straight couples have legally and commonly don't want, and what gay couples don't have legally and commonly want.
The reason I passed math.
A phrase used to make insults seem socially acceptable.
A racial slur. Used to describe an African American child.
an erect blood filled penis. brought on my sexual arousion. the average male gets 3 a night while your sleeping. also known as erection, stiffy, chubby, hard on
to take, hold, or steal your heart. a person who is a soulmate. a good lover.
Used as a disparaging term for a member of any dark-skinned people.
The act of two persons using their mouths to perform sexual intercourse. ;; These two persons can be of the same or opposite sex but they are rarely a married couple.
A pretty cool guy whose reputation has been run down by his horrible fan-club. ;; Used by the said fan-club as an excuse to do whatever they decide is 'right.'
An older woman who frequents clubs in order to score with a much younger man. The cougar can be anyone from an overly surgically altered wind tunnel victim, to an absolute sad and bloated old horn-meister, to a real hottie or [milf]. Cougars are gaining in popularity -- particularly the true hotties -- as young men find not only a sexual high, but many times a chick with her shit together.
As Tupac defined it, a thug is someone who is going through struggles, has gone through struggles, and continues to live day by day with nothing for them. That person is a thug. and the life they are living is the thug life. A thug is NOT a gangster. Look up [gangster] and [gangsta]. Not even CLOSE, my friend.
A male caucasion, usually born and raised in the suburbs that displays a strong desire to emulate African American Hip Hop culture and style through '[Bling]' fashion and generally accepted '[thug life]' guiding principles. ;; Often characterized by his car, or '[whip]': usually an econobox modified with at least twice the car's book value in non-power producing modifications or an SUV with at least 5500 lbs. of curb weight. Traditional trucks can also qualify here, depending on locale (southern states' percentages are higher). All vehicles are also mandated to have at least 19' chrome alloy wheels, regardless of make. The typical wigger is also characterized by a strong desire to adorn gold jewlery (especially heavy gold chains) and athletic warm up suits. All equipment and clothing will be paid for by the parents of the individual in question, or the parents of said individual's '[shorty]' through the use of said shorty's credit cards. ;; A general disposition of '[hard]' will be displayed among other wiggers and to kids around their neighbohood (usually labelled a 'subdivision' or 'gated community' due to its mass produced housing develoment origins). This disposition will immediately be dropped and replaced by a more typical '[white boy]' disposition when in the presence of actual African Americans ( with exceptions: Those whose origins trace to the suburbs being the most prominant.).
Describes the complicated love and affection shared by two straight males.
A)The envy of all men! ;; B)The only reason women keep us around. ;; C)The reason we wake up with black eyes, and are sitting in county jail. ;; D)The reason I never got my homework done.
The correct spelling of the name [sara].
A derogatory term. ;; Refers to a sexually promiscuous person, usually female. ;; One who engages in sexual activity with a large number of persons, occasionally simultaneously. ;; Also refers to one who engages in sexual activity outside of a long-term relationship within the duration of said relationship. ;; These sexual activities include but are not limited to: passionate kissing, manual stimulation of genitalia and/or breasts in the case of a female; oral stimulation of these parts; sexual intercourse. ;; In some cases, used to refer to a woman who is wearing 'skimpy' or tasteless clothing. ;; Less commonly, used as a derogatory term by one female for another during periods of conflict. ;; Synonyms: whore, tramp. Derivations: slutty (adj.), sluttier/sluttiest (superlatives). Related Adjectives: easy; immoral; loose; cheap.
Something I haven't gotten in a while.
n. Doing stuff to keep busy while avoiding what really needs doing. When all is said and done, your room is clean, your laundry is folded -- but you haven't started your English paper.
Originally the white slave driver because he would 'crack' the whip, hence the noun cracker.
1. A leading term used by many as Big Beautiful Woman. ;; 2. An empowering alternative and politically correct description for the plus size woman as opposed to the derogatory term of Fat. ;; 3. A woman who is over the so called weight standards.
When ones thoughts or appearance are in a state of disarray but they maintain an undeniable attractiveness or beauty.
A bad hunter. Someone who survives by consuming not food, but the stuff that food eats.
It's upside down, upside down.
the insertion of one man's sack into another person's mouth. Used a practical joke or prank, when performed on someone who is asleep, or as a sexual act.
The main character in the fiction work 'The Bible.'
something i happen to accidentally grab every time i walk by a hot girl.
The first Man to ever get laid.
this is like, sex in the butt.
Hacker 'Sp33k' for leet, or elite. Originating from 31337 'eleet', the UDP port used by Dead Cow Cult, a hacker group, to access Windows 95 using Back Orifice, a notorious hacking program.
A contraction of 'fucking retard'.
Used in an argument to admit that you are wrong without admitting it so the argument is over.
One who finds intelligence the most sexually attractive feature.
An extremely complex physical, emotional, pyschological, and spirtual act in which two or more humans pleasure each other with their bodies, specifially, their genitals. Also useful for reproduction in when practiced between a male and a female. Humans, however, are the only species who have devoted so much study to the subject, espeically on the non-physical aspects. After centuries of study and observation, they have come up with this general definition:
1. Someone who practices Judaism. ;; 2. Derogatory term for someone tight with their money or someone not very generous.
The president who staged the first preemptive strike in the history of the United States of America using the sole justification that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction. ;; Later, when no [wmd]s were found, he fiddled with terror alerts, implied connections between Iraq and 9/11, changed the definition of the word 'liberation' to 'invasion', and generally deceived the American people. ;; George Bush constantly encourages misconceptions about the war on Iraq and John Kerry, possibly because he does not understand these things himself. ;; If you disagree, tell me, why DID we go to war with Iraq? Don't just say why we should have gone, or what makes sense to you (i.e. Saddam Houssein was a dictator, find out exactly what George Bush told us.
Arbitrary (and usually incorrect) units of measurement used mostly by males. Derives from men overestimating their penis size. Dick inches are much shorter than actual inches. Hence a guy can claim to have a 9 inch penis when it is actually closer to 5-6 inches. The term 'dick inches' is usually used when over-estimating non-penis measurements.
awesome person that is often imitated but never duplicated.
a very hot guy usually nice and very funny
only man alive to make Forest Gump look smart
One of main reasons Hip-Hop is dead. Anybody who knows the foundation of Hip-Hop will agree. All his rhymes consist of wannabe punchlines. The thing is, he notes the obvious in his rhymes. 'Im _____ like _______.' Wow, Lil Wayne can put 2 n 2 together. Big fuckin deal. Call me a hater, but you know Im tellin the truth. His flow is weak cuz like I said, its all the same shii. ;; Lil Wayne is a HOTT rapper. Meanin he sells records. But to consider him a GREAT rapper, is bullshii. And like most 'rappers' nowadays, he only talk about money, gurlz, cars n clothes. Dont you think dat shii is old? Start listenin to hip-hop that has lyrical meaning, like what it was originally founded and grew on. ;; Ex. - Nas, Common, Mos Def & Talib Kweli, Lupe Fiasco, Kanye ;; Jus a few to name. Dont forget the Legends.
to want to fuck and fuck and fuck but you can't get any so you go online and find free porn!!
when a woman is giving a man head, he pulls out, and nuts in her eye. Upon doing this, she will let out some sort of grunt of disapproval, and at this point he kicks her in the shin. This poor girl, being pissed and hurt, will hobble after your laughing ass.
A name, which is commonly both a first or last name, which is very often confused with Brian. Its Irish roots define the name as 'little king'.
Mom I'd Like to Fuck
A great American pastime.
Bastardization of clitoris. ;; Located at the point where the labia (lips of the vagina) coverge at the top of the vagina. It usually is hidden beneath what looks to be a large fleshy nub called a hood. When stimulated or by pushing the pelvic tissue upward, it can be seen. ;; Extremely sensitive organ that produces immense amounts of sexual pleasure for most women. When properly stimulated, can induce multiple orgasms. ;; Marks women as the only animal on this planet with an organ designated solely for sexual pleasure. ;; Usually a must for most women during sexual intercourse. Most face to face positions allow for it to be 'crushed' by flesh and pushed upward by thrusts via the male hips. Not suprisingly, most women find it difficult to orgasm in positions that do not allow for the stimulation of the clitoris without some hand to hand help. ;; A reasonable substitute for foreplay. ;; Formed from the same tissue as the head of the male penis. ;; God's bribe for childbirth.
Man's most magnificently majestic manifestation of his raw power and potency. In appearance, when [hard], it resembles a [rocket] on the launching pad, and it has the same turbulent thrusting force and energy. Just as a rocket can send a satellite into orbit, it can send a woman into orgasm, which is no less awesome a feat. ;; In sex, it performs at least four distinct functions: first, by achieving a [hard-on], it signals to the woman that its owner is both capable of having [sex] with her and eager to do so, which, if she finds him attractive, tends to kindle her interest. Second, by discreetly (or sometimes not so discreetly) pressing it against her increasingly warm [pussy] while they make out, he turns her on and gets her hot. Then, when she really does want him, it becomes a way of her signalling her own desire, as she fondles it and kisses it and puts it into her mouth. And finally, when he [fuck]s her, its mad and relentless thrusting drives her wild until she begins to scream with absolutely uncontrollable passion and happiness. If he is lucky enough, he has enough [dick control] that he doesn't [come] until after this has happened, which is nice for him as well as her, because the longer the tension builds up, the more enormous the explosion will be when he finally reaches [ejaculation]. At that point, as the speed of his thrusting becomes as fast as a runner nearing the finish line in a race and as his [cock] forces all of its gigantic length and girth deep into her [pussy]with each thrust, he reaches the point where, for a couple of seconds, it seems like the world stops. Then, he feels something like a bomb explode at the base of his [dick], and with a sudden and rapid force like water shooting out of a high-pressure hose, he shoots quarts of [come]into her [pussy]. ;; In keeping with the Danish proverb that 'a child of love has many names,' this most-beloved part of the male anatomy has a number of colloquial slang nicknames, of which [penis] is the one most often seen in print, though rarely heard spoken except in doctor's offices or classrooms. A few of the more colorful are given below. In addition to these nicknames, many a guy's [dick] has a proper name, bestowed on it either by his wife or girlfriend or by himself, and which hopefully has a masculine ring worthy of the dignity of the entity to which it is applied.
Loyal, Generous, Handsome individual (s), who is/are without a doubt the very best person to love. Jonathan(s) is/are Intelligent, Subtle, Strong, Rock-like Men. They are the best Friends and very best Lovers.
If it exists, there is porn of it.
The universal scapegoat for forces yet to be explained, originating back to when man thought the wind was Satan farting.
All the slang words for masturbation: bashing the candle, Bleeding the weasel, bleedin the weed, buffing the banana, bopping the baloney, burping the worm, choking the chicken, cleaning your rifle, corking the bat, cranking the shank, cuffing the carrot, fisting your mister, flogging your dog, floggin the frog, flogging the hog, flogging the log, flute solo, jerkin'the gherkin, looping the mule, manual override, painting the pickle, pocket pinball, pocket pool, polishing the banister, polishing the rocket, pounding your flounder, pumping the python, roping the pony, spanking the monkey, teasing the weasel, tossing the turkey, walking the dog, whipping the willy, wonking your cronker, yanking the crank.
The ultimate form of birth control.
A vast array of [word]pornography[/word] and advertisements.
the answer to all in this horrible world of ours
Originating from the movie 'Fight Club', Tyler is used to describe one who is extremely sexy and bad ass.
more than an assload but still less than a fuckton.
According to Hollywood, What you are if you are a female weighing over 100 lbs.
breast ;; tits ;; jublees ;; knockers ;; puppies ;; bonerizers
You go to school for fucking 6 1/2 hours, constantly taking it up the ass (figuratively) from dickhead students and fucktard teachers. Then you go home, which SHOULD be time that doesn't involve learning shit you don't care about. But no, these cunt-ass teachers will not accept only 6 1/2 hours of torturing you. They crave more. So they unload a huge amount of this ass discharge they call homework on you. It can range from a simple math worksheet with joke you must fill in when you're done (no biggie) to a fucking ton of work containing bookwork, projects, unfinished classwork, studying for a test you know you're going to fail either way, and book reports on a book you didn't care to read. And these teachers are clever too. If you spent fucking hours on this shit and ended up going to sleep at 4 in the motherfucking morning, these assrammers won't even check the damn homework the next day. Oh, but if you forgot to note down the homework, did the wrong page, or just didn't give two shits about it and didn't do it, the assholes will ask you turn it in. All in all, school sucks, classwork sucks, teachers suck, students suck, and homework is the fucking scum of the earth.
after having anal sex, the man pulls out his penis and wipes it across his partners lip, forming an authentic looking mexican moustache.
A painful condition when a man has been profoundly sexually stimulated but not allowed to ejaculate, leaving his balls feeling heavy and sore. It is my mission to relieve this unpleasant phenomenon.
Foot-sucking, rubber wearing, pee on me, fruit-fuckin', candlewax drippin', long fingernail scrapin', tossed salad eatin',multiple partner havin', she-male, oil-drenched, chocolate sauce, whipped cream covered,vibrator usin',dress-up,banned in 30 states type of sex.
1. noun Variety of fetish that involves repeated ejaculation on a female by many (8 will do) men. ;; 2. verb To ejaculate on something, especially repeatedly
Dude... You need a defenition for penis? ;; You suck.
A sexually-transmitted, terminal disease.
a ridiculously huge cock
'A guy walks up to me and asks 'What's Punk?'. So I kick over a garbage can and say 'That's punk!'. So he kicks over the garbage can and says 'That's Punk?', and I say 'No that's trendy!
A person born with a mental condition and therefore has to work a million times harder to be able to do simple things (such as learn and communicate) that we take for granted. On top of this, a retard will usually suffer a lot of ridicule from society because people fear what they do not understand. The people who choose to make fun of the mental retarded tend to be complete morons and cannot comprehend that these people have feelings and emotions just like anyone else.
Derogatory term for a (usually younger) female, implying trashiness or tackiness, lower-class status, poor hygiene, flakiness, and a scrawny, pockmarked sort of ugliness. May also imply promiscuity, but not necessarily. Can apply to any race, but most commonly used to describe white trash.
A corruption of the word 'Owned.' This originated in an online game called Warcraft, where a map designer misspelled 'owned.' When the computer beat a player, it was supposed to say, so-and-so 'has been owned.' ;; Instead, it said, so-and-so 'has been pwned.' ;; It basically means 'to own' or to be dominated by an opponent or situation, especially by some god-like or computer-like force.